v1.0: New snapshot scheduling behaviour (#2120)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/advanced/snapshots.md

The first snapshot is created on launching Meilisearch. After that, snapshots are created routinely on a set interval until you deactivate snapshots by ending the Meilisearch instance. By default, one snapshot is taken every 24 hours.

> The amount of time between each new snapshot can be modified by providing an integer to [`--schedule-snapshot`](/learn/configuration/instance_options.md#schedule-snapshot-creation):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The interval between each new snapshot can be modified by providing an integer to [`--schedule-snapshot`](/learn/configuration/instance_options.md#schedule-snapshot-creation):
```
